A bard. Wants to pay you to get rid of an uncanny, slightly humming idol.
A basket containing a crowbar.
A basket containing gems.
A basket holds a key.
A basket with a leather armor and some gold.
A basket with a scarf.
A bat-shaped key hidden in a crack of the wall.
A battered basket with a key in it.
A battered basket with an enchanted rod.
A battered box holds a censer of binding.
A battered chest containing some gold.
A battered chest with an uncanny, sticky to touch javelin in it.
A battered crate holds a leaf-shaped key.
A battered door on the southern wall.
A battered double door with two keyholes to the west.
A battered gate to the north.
A battered gate with a keyhole to the south.
A battered iron gate on the eastern wall.
A battered ironclad double door to the north.
A battered ironclad double door with a keyhole to the north.
A battered stone door with three keyholes to the west.
A battered stone double door with three keyholes to the east.
A battered stone gate with two keyholes to the east.
A battered strongbox containing a crown-shaped key.
A battered strongbox containing a leather armor.
A battered trunk containing a chainmail and lockpicks.
A battered trunk with a key.
A battered wooden double door with a keyhole on the southern wall of the large chamber.
A battered wooden gate with a keyhole to the east.
A blade of health hovering in the middle of the small chamber.
A blood-covered altar, shows visions of the distant past when the candles on it are lit.
A bony bard. Has some gold for trade.
A bony halfling, resting in a corner.
A book of charming locked in a magical safe.
A book on a lectern, bursts into flames when opened.
A book on a lectern, makes a person slightly smaller when opened.
A bottomless pit, turns a person to stone if a coin is dropped into it.
A bottomless well, bursts into flames if a coin is dropped into it.
A box containing a magic ring.
A box containing some gold.
A box holds a copper key.
A box holds a key.
A box with a breastplate.
A box with a cross-shaped key.
A box with a key.
A box with an iron key in it.
A brain preserved in a jar, makes a person forget his name when shaken.
A brash druid. Can be convinced to help you in your mission.
A brash dwarf, sleeping in a corner.
A brash halfling, sitting on the ground.
A brass key on a pedestal table.
A brass key on a pedestal.
A breastplate and some gold tucked under some debris.
A breastplate, a mace and some gold hidden in a crevice of the wall.
A broken chest containing a key.
A broken chest containing some gold.
A broken chest holds a bottle of wine and an enchanted scimitar.
A broken chest holds a key.
A broken chest with a breastplate, a spear and a potion of mind reading in it.
A broken crate containing a key.
A broken crate with some gold, a scarf and an ancient katana in it.
A broken locker containing a breastplate.
A broken strongbox with a silver key.
A broken trunk holds a jewel-encrusted comb.
A burning fire in a brazier, turns out to be a mimic when touched.
A burning fire in a fireplace, makes a person smaller when touched.
A burning fire in a fireplace, wails loudly when touched.
A calm human, resting in a corner.
A calm large knight, sleeping on the ground.
A calm pockmarked cleric, lying on the ground.
A carpet of death wish hidden in a crevice of the wall.
A carving depicting the Serpent Savant.
A carving on the wall depicting the land around the tomb as it looked in the distant past.
A carving on the wall depicting the salt marshes around the crypt.
A carving on the wall, totally destroyed by fire.
A carving on the wall, totally destroyed by mold.
A carving, totally destroyed by fire.
A carving, totally destroyed by mold.
A chainmail in a basket.
A chainmail, a regular spear and a flask of holy water among rubble on the ground.
A cheerful gnome, resting on the ground.
A chest containing a copper key.
A chest containing a heart-shaped key.
A chest containing a scale mail.
A chest containing a strange, sticky to touch grimoire.
A chest holds a chainmail and some gold.
A chest holds a key.
A chest holds gems.
A chest with a cloak in it.
A chest with a cursed rapier, some gold and a potion of speed in it.
A chest with a leather armor in it.
A child, mortally wounded.
A child. Needs help to get out from the chambers.
A claw-shaped key hidden in a crack of the wall.
A claw-shaped key in a glass trophy case.
A claw-shaped key locked in a mechanical safe.
A colorful mosaic, totally destroyed by thug vandals.
A copper key in a battered strongbox.
A copper key in a battered trunk.
A corpse of a bandit, a key close to it.
A corpse of a cultist, a lamp and some gold nearby.
A corpse of a druid, some gold, a rusty katana and arrows close by.
A corpse of a dwarf, rations close by.
A corpse of a gnoll, an uncanny, warm to touch object close to it.
A corpse of a gnome, a regular staff close by.
A corpse of a goblin, an iron key close to it.
A corpse of a halfling, a silver key nearby.
A corpse of a halfling, a strange, translucent brooch close by.
A corpse of a human, a torch, rations and some gold close by.
A corpse of a human, an iron key close to it.
A corpse of a wizard, a strange, unnaturally light leather armor nearby.
A corpse of an elf, a golden comb close to it.
A corpse of an elf, an unknown potion close to it.
A corpse of an elf, gems close by.
A crate containing a jeweled necklace.
A crate containing a key.
A crate containing a rapier and some gold.
A crate containing an iron key.
A crate containing some gold.
A crate holds a cloak, a rope and some gold.
A crate holds a strange, unnaturally heavy tiara.
A crate holds a weird, covered with runes chainmail.
A crate holds a weird, made of an unknown material bracelet.
A crate with a key.
A crate with a knife of intellect.
A crate with a silver key.
A creepy doll, drives a person mad when picked up.
A creepy doll, spawns a book of protection when picked up.
A creepy doll, transforms a person into a pirate when picked up.
A creepy doll, turns into dust when picked up.
A creepy slim knight, sleeping in a corner.
A crowbar among rubble on the ground.
A crowbar and a rusty axe among rubble on the ground.
A crowbar tucked under some debris.
A crystalized body of a bard, a key nearby.
A crystalized body of a thug, a golden figurine close by.
A cursed mace, a breastplate and some gold hidden in a crack of the floor.
A decapitated body of a cultist, a fish-shaped key nearby.
A desiccated body of a bandit, a mysterious, unnaturally heavy scarf close by.
A druid, lying on the ground.
A druid. Wants to join you.
A dusty book on a lectern, wails loudly when opened.
A dusty tome on a lectern, drives a person mad when opened.
A dwarf, looking sick.
A dwarf, sleeping on the ground.
A dwarf, tightly tied to a stake.
A dwarf, weak of starvation.
A dwarf. Pleads to borrow rations.
A dwarf. Wants to pay you to get rid of a strange, ice-cold to touch flute.
A dying cultist, a scimitar among his belongings.
A dying druid, a leather armor among his belongings.
A dying dwarf, an ornate flail and a cloak among his belongings.
A dying elf, a key among his belongings.
A dying elf, a map of the sepulcher among his belongings.
A dying elf, a relic of frost among his belongings.
A dying goblin, some gold and a shield among his belongings.
A dying halfling, gems among his belongings.
A dying human, a bronze ring among his belongings.
A dying human, a leather armor among his belongings.
A dying human, a silver medallion among his belongings.
A dying orc, a crowbar, a vorpal mace and a shield among his belongings.
A dying ranger, a staff and some gold among his belongings.
A dying thief, a weird, sticky to touch breastplate among his belongings.
A dying warlock, a strange, burning robe among his belongings.
A dying wizard, a bottle of wine and a robe among his belongings.
A fierce long-haired human, lying in ambush.
A fire in a brazier, bursts into flames when touched.
A flask of holy water and a helm tucked under some debris.
A floor mirror, makes a person smaller when looked in.
A floor mirror, turns out to be a mimic when looked in.
A flute of magic missile locked in a  safe.
A fresco depicting the landscape around the sanctum.
A fresco on the ceiling, ages a person when looked at.
A fresco on the ceiling, makes a person hallucinate when looked at.
A fresco on the wall depicting the snowy plains around the pyramid.
A fresco on the wall, ages a person when looked at.
A fresco on the wall, totally destroyed by fire.
A fresco on the wall, totally destroyed by gnoll vandals.
A fresco on the wall, totally destroyed by orc vandals.
A fresco, totally destroyed by fire.
A frozen body of a bard, a chainmail and lockpicks close by.
A frozen body of a gnome, gems close by.
A gem of binding hovering in the middle of the small chamber.
A gem of summoning locked in a  safe.
A giant pile of rubble hides a copper key.
A giant pile of rubble hides a mysterious, whispering helm.
A giant pile of rubble hides a scale mail.
A giant pile of rubble hides a scarf and some gold.
A giant pile of rubble hides gems.
A giant pile of rubble hides some gold and candles.
A giant pile of rubble hides some gold.
A giant stuffed beast, wails loudly when stroked.
A giant stuffed boar, ages a person when stroked.
A giant stuffed wasp, animates when stroked.
A girl, eager to talk.
A girl, shaking out of fear.
A girl. Pleads to borrow lockpicks.
A girl. Would like to hire you for a job.
A glaive in a basket.
A gnoll, talking to an invisible friend.
A gnome, lying in ambush.
A gnome, sleeping in a corner.
A graffiti depicting a bearded elf.
A graffiti depicting a scene of celebration.
A graffiti depicting the landscape around the house.
A graffiti on the wall depicting a scene of battle.
A graffiti on the wall, totally destroyed by fire.
A great door on the northern wall.
A great double door on the southern wall of the small room.
A great double door to the east.
A great gate with a keyhole to the north.
A great iron door with a keyhole to the south.
A great iron gate with a keyhole on the northern wall.
A great ironbound gate on the eastern wall.
A great ironbound gate with a keyhole on the northern wall.
A great stone double door on the southern wall.
A great wooden double door on the western wall of the small chamber.
A half-eaten body of a hobgoblin, a breastplate close to it.
A halfling, lying on the ground.
A heart preserved in a jar, tells a story of this place when shaken.
A holy box on a pedestal.
A hooded dwarf. Claims to have a message for you.
A hooded figure, resting on the ground.
A hooded human, sleeping on the ground.
A huge door with a keyhole to the north.
A huge double door on the southern wall of the room.
A huge double door with two keyholes on the eastern wall of the small chamber.
A huge double door with two keyholes on the northern wall of the room.
A huge gate to the south.
A huge iron double door with two keyholes to the south.
A huge ironclad gate with a keyhole on the western wall.
A huge stone door to the north.
A huge stone door with four keyholes on the eastern wall.
A huge stone double door on the northern wall of the hall.
A huge wooden door with three keyholes to the north.
A jellyfied body of a thug, a chainmail close by.
A jeweled throne, allows a person to breath under water when sat on.
A jeweled throne, drives a person mad when sat on.
A key among rubble on the ground.
A key at the bottom of a pool.
A key hidden in a crack of the floor.
A key in a box.
A key in a chest.
A key in a glass trophy case.
A key in a locker.
A key in a reinforced crate.
A key in a rotten crate.
A key in a trophy case.
A key in a trunk.
A key in the middle of a pentagram on the ground.
A key locked in a  safe.
A key locked in a magical safe.
A key on a pedestal.
A key tucked under some debris.
A knife of resurection at the bottom of a small pool.
A knight. Has a quest for you.
A lamp and a blood-stained flail hidden in a crack of the wall.
A lamp, some gold and a rapier of smiting at the bottom of a pool.
A lantern of intellect in the middle of a pentagram on the ground.
A lantern of summoning tucked under some debris.
A large chest holds a lamp.
A large chest holds some gold, candles and a scarf.
A large chest with a leather armor, some gold and a torch.
A large chest with an enchanted spear, a torch and some gold in it.
A large crate containing gems.
A large crate with a magic rod in it.
A large double door with two keyholes to the east.
A large ironclad gate with a keyhole on the eastern wall of the large room.
A large pile of rubble hides a brass key.
A large pile of rubble hides a lily-shaped key.
A large pile of rubble hides a staff and some gold.
A large pile of rubble hides some gold.
A large stone door with a keyhole on the northern wall.
A large stone gate with a keyhole on the southern wall of the room.
A large strongbox holds some gold, a breastplate and a scimitar.
A large wooden gate to the north.
A large wooden gate with three keyholes to the south.
A lavishly decorated door to the south.
A lavishly decorated door with two keyholes on the northern wall.
A lavishly decorated double door on the eastern wall of the chamber.
A lavishly decorated gate to the south.
A lavishly decorated gate with a keyhole on the eastern wall.
A lavishly decorated gate with two keyholes to the south.
A lavishly decorated iron gate to the north.
A lavishly decorated iron gate with a keyhole on the northern wall of the chamber.
A lavishly decorated ironbound gate on the eastern wall of the large chamber.
A lavishly decorated wooden double door with a keyhole on the northern wall.
A lavishly decorated wooden gate on the eastern wall of the small chamber.
A lavishly decorated wooden gate with four keyholes on the northern wall of the large chamber.
A leaf-shaped key hovering in the middle of the small chamber.
A lichen-covered body of a cultist, gems close by.
A lifelike sculpture of a gnome, a weird, made of an unknown material tablet in its hands.
A lifelike sculpture of an elf, a key in its hands.
A lifelike statue of a gnome shaman, a crown-shaped key in its hands.
A lifelike statue of a human artificer, a weird, sticky to touch mace in its hands.
A locker with a key in it.
A locker with an enchanted skull in it.
A magic ball hovering in the middle of the chamber.
A magic carpet hovering in the middle of the small chamber.
A magic compass at the bottom of a pool.
A magic hourglass in the middle of a pentagram on the ground.
A magic scroll in the middle of a circle of runes on the ground.
A magic statuette in a chest.
A magic tablet among rubble on the ground.
A magic wand in the middle of a pentagram on the ground.
A maimed human, lying on the ground.
A map and some gold at the bottom of a pool.
A massive double door to the west.
A massive gate with a keyhole to the south.
A massive gate with three keyholes on the western wall.
A massive ironbound door to the north.
A massive ironbound door with a keyhole to the east.
A massive stone gate with a keyhole on the eastern wall.
A massive wooden double door with a keyhole on the southern wall of the room.
A medium box with a javelin and a chainmail.
A medium chest containing a breastplate and some gold.
A medium chest holds a silver key.
A medium crate holds a hammer of smiting.
A medium crate with a long sword and a scarf.
A mold-covered body of a gnome, gems nearby.
A mosaic depicting the sun-drenched desert of white sand around the library.
A mosaic of a bat pattern on the ceiling
A mosaic of a bat pattern on the floor
A mosaic of a bird pattern on the ceiling
A mosaic of a fish pattern on the ceiling
A mosaic of a fish pattern on the walls
A mosaic of a fist pattern on the ceiling
A mosaic of a fist pattern on the walls
A mosaic of a heart pattern on the floor
A mosaic of a lily pattern on the walls
A mosaic of a skull pattern on the ceiling
A mosaic of a snail pattern on the ceiling
A mosaic of a snail pattern on the walls
A mosaic of a star pattern on the ceiling
A mosaic of an arrow pattern on the ceiling
A mosaic of an arrow pattern on the floor
A mosaic of an arrow pattern on the walls
A mosaic of an eye pattern on the ceiling
A mosaic on the wall, totally destroyed by fire.
A mouth-shaped double door to the north.
A mouth-shaped double door to the south.
A mouth-shaped gate on the western wall of the chamber.
A mouth-shaped gate with a keyhole on the eastern wall.
A mouth-shaped gate with a keyhole on the western wall of the chamber.
A mouth-shaped gate with a keyhole to the east.
A mouth-shaped gate with two keyholes on the western wall.
A mouth-shaped ironbound double door with two keyholes to the west.
A mouth-shaped ironclad gate with three keyholes to the west.
A mouth-shaped stone gate with two keyholes on the eastern wall.
A mundane-looking door, turns a person to stone when the knob is touched.
A mundane-looking door, wails loudly when the knob is touched.
A mural on the wall, pleads to be killed when examined.
A mural on the wall, turns out to be a mimic when examined.
A mutilated body of a goblin, a flail of vengeance and lockpicks close by.
A mutilated body of a human, a sword, a torch and a helm nearby.
A mysterious gnome, sitting on the ground.
A mysterious, covered with glyphs book in a shattered trophy case.
A mysterious, made of an unknown material javelin hovering in the middle of the chamber.
A mysterious, translucent chess piece in a box.
A mysterious, unnaturally heavy halberd hovering in the middle of the small chamber.
A mysterious, unnaturally heavy medallion locked in a  safe.
A mysterious, unnaturally heavy scale mail hidden in a crack of the wall.
A mysterious, unnaturally heavy scale mail in a trophy case.
A mysterious, vibrating object locked in a magical safe.
A mysterious, warm to touch robe in a glass display case.
A mysterious, warm to touch rod in a shattered curio case.
A mysterious, whispering object locked in a mechanical safe.
A noble, lying in a corner.
A noble. Claims to have a message for you.
A notable door with a keyhole to the east.
A notable double door with a keyhole on the southern wall of the chamber.
A notable gate with two keyholes to the west.
A notable ironbound door on the southern wall of the small chamber.
A notable ironbound gate with a keyhole on the southern wall.
A notable stone double door with four keyholes on the southern wall of the small chamber.
A notable wooden door with four keyholes to the west.
A notable wooden double door with two keyholes to the west.
A painting depicting the landscape around the citadel.
A painting on the wall depicting a scene of wedding.
A painting on the wall, totally destroyed by pirate vandals.
A painting, totally destroyed by bandit vandals.
A painting, totally destroyed by fire.
A petrified body of an elf, a copper key close by.
A pile of rubble hides a copper key.
A pile of rubble hides a crowbar.
A pile of rubble hides a fish-shaped key.
A pile of rubble hides a key.
A pile of rubble hides a mysterious, made of an unknown material helm.
A pile of rubble hides a scimitar and a leather armor.
A pile of rubble hides a shield.
A pile of rubble hides candles and some gold.
A pile of rubble hides some gold and a scale mail.
A pile of rubble hides some gold and a torch.
A pile of rubble hides some gold, a halberd and lockpicks.
A pile of rubble hides some gold.
A pilgrim, whistling tunelessly.
A pirate. Pleads to borrow a lamp.
A polite gnome, sitting in a corner.
A polite hooded elf, mortally wounded.
A pool of dark water, teleports a person outside the stronghold when drank from.
A potion of resistence among rubble on the ground.
A puddle of murky water, makes a person slightly bigger when drank from.
A puddle of water, turns into dust when drank from.
A quiet gnome, sitting in a corner.
A ranger. Can be convinced to help you in your mission.
A rapier of smiting among rubble on the ground.
A rear entrance into the abbey. A pool of water, wails loudly when drank from.
A rear entrance into the asylum.
A rear entrance into the basilica.
A rear entrance into the basilica. A crate holds gems.
A rear entrance into the castle.
A rear entrance into the catacombs. A statue of a snake, turns out to be a mimic when touched.
A rear entrance into the chambers.
A rear entrance into the chambers. A mantle and a mace hidden in a crack of the wall.
A rear entrance into the chapel.
A rear entrance into the citadel.
A rear entrance into the crypt.
A rear entrance into the crypt. A mosaic of an eye pattern on the walls
A rear entrance into the dungeon.
A rear entrance into the dungeon. A brain preserved in a jar, makes a person bigger when shaken.
A rear entrance into the dungeon. A pile of rubble hides an uncanny, unnaturally heavy dagger.
A rear entrance into the fortress.
A rear entrance into the fortress. A chest with gems.
A rear entrance into the fortress. A huge gate with two keyholes to the east.
A rear entrance into the hall.
A rear entrance into the halls.
A rear entrance into the halls. A pile of rubble hides a scimitar of lightning and some gold.
A rear entrance into the hold.
A rear entrance into the hold. A teenager, lying in a corner.
A rear entrance into the house.
A rear entrance into the house. A massive door to the south.
A rear entrance into the house. A scarf and a long sword tucked under some debris.
A rear entrance into the keep.
A rear entrance into the labyrinth. An enormous crystal, heals a person if struck hard.
A rear entrance into the lair.
A rear entrance into the library.
A rear entrance into the manor.
A rear entrance into the manor. A quiet dwarf, sitting on the ground.
A rear entrance into the manor. A soldier, locked in a cage.
A rear entrance into the mansion. A chest containing a bronze comb.
A rear entrance into the mausoleum.
A rear entrance into the mausoleum. A corpse of a hobgoblin, a key nearby.
A rear entrance into the maze.
A rear entrance into the maze. A stuffed spider, wails loudly when stroked.
A rear entrance into the monastery. A dying kobold, an ivory dice among his belongings.
A rear entrance into the palace.
A rear entrance into the palace. A holy scroll in a magically locked curio case.
A rear entrance into the palace. A soldier, sitting on the ground.
A rear entrance into the prison.
A rear entrance into the pyramid.
A rear entrance into the pyramid. An uncanny, smoking sword locked in a magical safe.
A rear entrance into the sanctum.
A rear entrance into the sepulcher. A chest with some gold.
A rear entrance into the sepulcher. A reinforced strongbox holds a heart-shaped key.
A rear entrance into the stronghold. A dying goblin, a key among his belongings.
A rear entrance into the stronghold. A statue of a hobgoblin, tells a story of this place when touched.
A rear entrance into the temple.
A rear entrance into the tomb.
A rear entrance into the tomb. A battered double door with two keyholes on the eastern wall.
A rear entrance into the tomb. A pilgrim, checking the content of a broken chest.
A rear entrance into the vault.
A rear entrance into the vault. A key in a crate.
A regular spear and a torch in a battered chest.
A regular staff in a large basket.
A reinforced basket with a lamp in it.
A reinforced box holds a cursed hammer and a robe.
A reinforced box holds a snail-shaped key.
A reinforced box with an exotic sword.
A reinforced chest containing a key.
A reinforced chest containing a torch and a mantle.
A reinforced chest containing gems.
A reinforced chest with a strange, humming object.
A reinforced crate with a key.
A reinforced crate with a vorpal glaive.
A reinforced locker holds a cape.
A reinforced locker with a breastplate, a scale mail and some gold.
A reinforced locker with gems.
A reinforced strongbox with a brass key in it.
A reinforced strongbox with a key.
A reinforced trunk holds a key.
A reinforced trunk holds a star-shaped key.
A reinforced trunk with a jeweled medallion.
A relief depicting a handsome elf.
A relief depicting a scene of sacrifice.
A relief depicting the landscape around the crypt as it looked in the distant past.
A relief on the wall depicting a scene of siege.
A relief, totally destroyed by hobgoblin vandals.
A rope in a broken crate.
A rotten chest containing a crowbar and a spear.
A rotten chest containing a rusty mace and some gold.
A rotten chest containing some gold.
A rotten chest holds a blood-stained sword and candles.
A rotten chest holds a key.
A rotten chest holds gems.
A rotten chest with a scarf and some gold.
A rotten crate holds a mysterious, warm to touch helm.
A rotten locker holds a breastplate.
A rotten strongbox containing a robe.
A rotten strongbox containing lockpicks and an axe.
A rotten strongbox holds a key.
A rotten trunk containing a key.
A round door on the southern wall of the small room.
A round door to the east.
A round double door to the north.
A round gate to the east.
A round gate with two keyholes to the east.
A round iron gate with a keyhole to the north.
A round stone gate with three keyholes on the southern wall.
A round wooden gate with a keyhole to the east.
A rusty clockwork machine, allows a person to see in darkness when the lever is pulled.
A rusty clockwork machine, makes a person forget his name when the lever is pulled.
A rusty clockwork machine, turns into dust when the lever is pulled.
A sarcastic barbarian, sitting on the ground.
A sarcastic sad-eyed human, whistling tunelessly.
A scarf and some gold in a chest.
A scorched door with three keyholes on the eastern wall.
A scorched double door to the south.
A scorched double door to the west.
A scorched double door with two keyholes to the south.
A scorched gate with two keyholes on the southern wall.
A scorched iron door with a keyhole to the north.
A scorched ironbound double door with a keyhole on the southern wall.
A scorched ironbound gate on the western wall.
A scorched stone door with three keyholes on the northern wall.
A scorched wooden double door with two keyholes on the western wall.
A scorched wooden gate to the south.
A sculpture of a gnome bard, a mysterious, unnaturally heavy breastplate in its hands.
A sculpture of a halfling artificer, a weird, unnaturally heavy halberd in its hands.
A sculpture of an elf hunter, a censer of magic missile in its hands.
A seashell-shaped key on a pedestal table.
A sellsword, tightly tied to a stake.
A shield among rubble on the ground.
A shield and some gold at the bottom of a small pool.
A short gnome. Would like to join you for a reward.
A sign on the wall painted in blood: DEATH TO KOBOLDS
A sign on the wall painted in blood: PIRANHAS ARE NOT WHAT THEY SEEM
A sign on the wall painted in blood: REVEAL YOUR INNER WASP
A sign on the wall painted in blood: UNCOVER YOUR INNER WARLOCK
A sign on the wall: ALL HAIL THE SCARLET KNIGHT
A sign on the wall: RIETA-FAR WAS HERE
A silver crown hidden in a crevice of the floor.
A silver dice at the bottom of a pool.
A silver key hovering in the middle of the small chamber.
A silver key in a chest.
A silver key in a reinforced chest.
A silver key in a rotten chest.
A silver key tucked under some debris.
A simple altar, turns out to be a mimic when the candles on it are lit.
A skeleton on the ground, ages a person if disturbed.
A skinless body of a halfling, a key nearby.
A skinless body of a human, a strange, translucent helm close to it.
A slime-covered body of a halfling, a map of the halls nearby.
A slime-covered body of a human, a mysterious, whispering helm close by.
A smith, sleeping on the ground.
A smuggler, lying on the ground.
A smuggler, resting in a corner.
A smuggler. Desperately needs help.
A smuggler. Wants to join you.
A soldier, muttering gibberish.
A star-shaped key in a basket.
A statue of a dwarf, tells a story of the labyrinth when touched.
A statue of a gnome, teleports a person outside the house when touched.
A statue of a halfling, a fish-shaped key in its hands.
A statue of a human, makes a person forget his name when touched.
A still warm body of a cultist, a stone of blasting nearby.
A still warm body of a dwarf, a magic bracelet close by.
A stone altar, swears when a sacrifice is made.
A stone of charming locked in a mechanical safe.
A strange, covered with glyphs object in the middle of a circle of runes on the ground.
A strange, made of an unknown material scale mail hovering in the middle of the large chamber.
A strange, vibrating chainmail on a pedestal.
A strange, whispering halberd locked in a magical safe.
A strongbox containing an enchanted spear.
A strongbox with a bat-shaped key.
A stuffed boar, tells where a treasure is hidden when stroked.
A stuffed dwarf artificer with a mysterious, ice-cold to touch cloak in their hands.
A stuffed dwarf druid with a key in their hands.
A stuffed elf artificer with a coin of force in their hands.
A stuffed elf barbarian with a key in their hands.
A stuffed elf druid with a tarot deck of illusions in their hands.
A stuffed elf hunter with a strange, unnaturally light object in their hands.
A stuffed elf shaman with an iron key in their hands.
A stuffed elf with a key in their hands.
A stuffed elf with a magic censer in their hands.
A stuffed elf with a pin of blasting in their hands.
A stuffed gnome ranger with a staff of protection in their hands.
A stuffed gnome with a looking glass of haunting in their hands.
A stuffed gnome with a strange, glowing grimoire in their hands.
A stuffed halfling rogue with a doll of illusions in their hands.
A stuffed human with a key in their hands.
A stuffed owl, tells an unwanted truth when stroked.
A stuffed scorpion, bursts into flames when stroked.
A stuffed sparrow, makes a person smaller when stroked.
A stuffed turtle, makes a person forget his name when stroked.
A subtle handsome gnome, standing over a killed human.
A suspicious door, makes a person slightly bigger when the knob is touched.
A suspicious shaman, resting on the ground.
A sword in a locker.
A sword in a medium crate.
A sword, some gold and lockpicks hidden in a crevice of the wall.
A tapestry on the wall, makes a person forget his name when brushed.
A tapestry on the wall, totally destroyed by fire.
A tapestry on the wall, totally destroyed by mold.
A tapestry, totally destroyed by kobold vandals.
A teenager, trying to hide something behind their back.
A teenager. Pleads to borrow a crowbar.
A teenager. Wants to join you.
A teenager. Would like to hire you for a job.
A ticking clockwork machine, allows a person to breath under water when the lever is pulled.
A ticking gearwork machine, allows a person to breath under water when the lever is pulled.
A tome on a lectern, turns a person to stone when opened.
A trunk containing an iron key.
A trunk holds a chainmail.
A trunk holds a key.
A trunk holds an eldritch cube.
A trunk holds lockpicks and some gold.
A villager, chained to the wall.
A villager, standing over a killed dwarf.
A wall mirror, tells a story of the castle when looked in.
A wand of force in the middle of a pentagram on the ground.
A weird, covered with carvings object locked in a mechanical safe.
A weird, ice-cold to touch axe in the middle of a pentagram on the ground.
A weird, ice-cold to touch looking glass hovering in the middle of the small chamber.
A weird, made of an unknown material chainmail locked in a  safe.
A weird, sticky to touch glaive tucked under some debris.
A weird, unnaturally heavy object hovering in the middle of the hall.
A weird, unnaturally light scale mail in the middle of a circle of runes on the ground.
A weird, vibrating chain on a pedestal.
A weird, whispering ring in a shattered trophy case.
A well-dressed monk, lying in a corner.
A wild-haired artificer. Desperately needs help.
A witch. Pleads to borrow a lamp.
A wizard, resting in a corner.
A wooden altar, animates when the candles on it are lit.
A wooden altar, sounds the alarm when a sacrifice is made.
A wooden altar, tells an unwanted truth when a sacrifice is made.
A writing on the wall painted in blood: DREAMS ARE COMING
A writing on the wall: NO MORE TERROR
A writing on the wall: VOLDRAZZAKTA BRINGS DOOM
A writing on the wall: WHERE IN HELL IS MY DAMNED SHIELD
An adventurer, sitting in a corner.
An ancient halberd tucked under some debris.
An arrogant maimed elf, resting on the ground.
An artist, apparently expecting you.
An artist, checking the content of a medium trunk.
An artist, sitting in a corner.
An eldritch coin hidden in a crevice of the floor.
An elf, sitting in a corner.
An elf, sleeping in a corner.
An enchanted cape on a pedestal table.
An enchanted hammer among rubble on the ground.
An enchanted knife locked in a  safe.
An enchanted tome in a medium crate.
An enigmatic large elf, utterly surprised.
An enormous crystal, ages a person if struck hard.
An enormous crystal, makes a person bigger if struck hard.
An enormous crystal, puts a person to sleep if struck hard.
An enormous crystal, teleports a person outside the citadel if struck hard.
An exotic halberd and a shield at the bottom of a small pool.
An explorer. Can be convinced to help you in your mission.
An eye preserved in a jar, turns out to be a mimic when shaken.
An incenerated body of a warlock, a lamp and a rusty glaive close to it.
An intricate puzzle, ages a person when solved.
An intricate puzzle, allows a person to breath under water when solved.
An intricate puzzle, shows visions of the distant future when solved.
An iron key hovering in the middle of the hall.
An iron key in a battered chest.
An iron key in a broken crate.
An iron key in a large chest.
An old dwarf. Has an axe of life stealing for trade.
An old friend, cooking over a campfire.
An old friend, weak of starvation.
An old lady, lying on the ground.
An old lady, resting on the ground.
An orb of haunting hovering in the middle of the chamber.
An orb of protection in a trunk.
An ornate javelin at the bottom of a small pool.
An ornate lamp, animates when lit.
An ornate lamp, heals a person when lit.
An ornate lamp, puts a person to sleep when lit.
An ornate lamp, swears when lit.
An uncanny, ice-cold to touch dagger on a pedestal.
An uncanny, ice-cold to touch object locked in a  safe.
An uncanny, slightly glowing spear on a pedestal table.
An uncanny, slightly vibrating box hovering in the middle of the hall.
An uncanny, sticky to touch leather armor in a trophy case.
An unholy staff among rubble on the ground.
Arrows and a glaive of slaying among rubble on the ground.
Arrows and a staff of slaying hidden in a crevice of the floor.
Arrows in a medium locker.
Gems hidden in a crack of the wall.
Gems in a basket.
Gems in a large strongbox.
Gems in a strongbox.
Gems tucked under some debris.
Lockpicks and some gold hidden in a crack of the wall.
Lockpicks at the bottom of a small pool.
Lockpicks in a box.
Lockpicks in a chest.
Lockpicks in a medium crate.
Rations in a crate.
Rations, a leather armor and a vorpal scimitar in a chest.
Remains of a bandit apparently killed by elves, some gold and some gold clutched in his hands.
Remains of a barbarian apparently killed by cultists, a jewel-encrusted statuette clutched in his hands.
Remains of a barbarian, some gold clutched in his hands.
Remains of a cultist apparently killed by humans, a weird, smoking pin clutched in his hands.
Remains of a druid apparently killed by cultists, an uncanny, covered with carvings dice clutched in his hands.
Remains of a dwarf, an iron key in his hands.
Remains of a gnoll, an eldritch hourglass in his hands.
Remains of a halfling, a bottle of wine and a long sword in his hands.
Remains of a halfling, a scale mail, some gold and lockpicks clutched in his hands.
Remains of a human apparently killed by dwarves, a key clutched in his hands.
Remains of a human, a vorpal halberd in his hands.
Remains of a kobold apparently killed by halflings, some gold in his hands.
Remains of a kobold, a torch clutched in his hands.
Remains of a monk, a strange, unnaturally light object in his hands.
Remains of a shaman apparently killed by beasts, a leather armor and arrows clutched in his hands.
Remains of a thief apparently killed by kobolds, some gold and a scale mail in his hands.
Remains of a thug, a leather armor in his hands.
Remains of a warlock apparently killed by gnomes, a vorpal axe and a halberd clutched in his hands.
Remains of a wizard apparently killed by halflings, a scale mail clutched in his hands.
Remains of an elf, some gold clutched in his hands.
Remains of an orc, some gold and an ornate dagger in his hands.
Some gold among rubble on the ground.
Some gold and a blood-stained long sword hidden in a crack of the wall.
Some gold and a chainmail in a reinforced chest.
Some gold and a cursed flail in a crate.
Some gold and a hammer among rubble on the ground.
Some gold and a helm in a rotten trunk.
Some gold and a javelin among rubble on the ground.
Some gold and a vorpal spear among rubble on the ground.
Some gold and rations among rubble on the ground.
Some gold at the bottom of a small pool.
Some gold in a box.
Some gold in a chest.
The chamber is filled with dense smoke. It pleads to be killed when inhaled.
The hall is filled with dense fog. It tells an unwanted truth when inhaled.
The large chamber is filled with dense haze. It shows visions of the distant future when breathed in.
The large chamber is filled with swirly vapour. It makes a person slightly bigger when inhaled.